
## Chapter 1


Nik awoke suddenly, with that terrible feeling of not knowing where he was. There were dim lights, intermittent beeping, and the smell of vinegar and...meatloaf? Maybe not meatloaf, but something just as “down-home”. As the cobwebs of sleep lifted, Nik came to realize that he was in a hospital. 

*Did I check myself in?* He asked himself cautiously. 

He probed his recent memory; nothing. The last thing he remembered was the sound of the train rolling by. He was walking, yeah that’s right, he was walking along the street on the way to his apartment, the train rattling by the tracks across the street—horn tooting randomly.Perhaps he remembered fumbling for his keys? Yes, definitely, he dropped his keys (a not unusual event) and spouted some generic curse. Then he picked them up, thumbed through the keys until he found the correct one, and put it in the lock, turning it, and simultaneously turning the doorknob and pushing the door open. He also remembered the smell of a pizza long-ago cooked, and more sadly, long-ago eaten. He remembered meandering through the living room, bypassing the TV with a game of something paused, giving off piercing blue light throughout the otherwise dark apartment. 

His internal detective work was interrupted by a slight knock at the door, and the quick entrance of someone, someone who clearly did not mean the knock sincerely—since they entered before the sound had even reached Nik’s ears.

 “Mr…”

“Presiel.” Nik blurted almost involuntarily.

“Thanks…” the intruder said slightly surprised. “Well, that’s a pretty good sign.”

“What, that I can remember my last name?” Nik quipped a bit sarcastically.

The man, who by now Nik surmised was a doctor, looked up from the chart he was holding. He looked Nik square in the eyes, in a way that Nik was not quite used to at this point in his 20 years of life. He took a short breath before saying—in a voice that was soaked with measure and confidence--- “Frankly, yes. With the amount of Clonazepam, Pethidine, and Alcohol you ingested, remembering your name would usually be a Herculean task at this point.”

It hit him like a ton of bricks. The pale green pills, the pale blue pills, the bottle of gin with a name he didn’t know, or didn’t care to remember. They were all there, on his desk, neatly arranged, and he remembered thinking something like *let’s just get rid of all this*. But it wasn’t quite clear what “all this” was referring to.

“Mr…” the doctor started, but smiled, taking a conservative course of verbal action “Nik. Was it your goal to end your life two nights ago?”

Nik was unsure how to answer. *Was it? Was that night it?* He thought to himself. How could he even begin to judge what he was thinking that night? And was that *really* two nights ago? He broke the silence of pause: “I am pretty sure it wasn’t.”

With an unexpected lack of doubt, the doctor closed his chart, looked Nik in the eyes, and said. “It’s still night, and I’d like you to get some more sleep—try to align yourself with the rhythm of the day. Someone will be in in the morning, to check on you. I’d advise you be honest with them—please.”

Nik nodded, but didn’t say anything. He felt himself getting more and more tired, and based on what he did remember, knew that his body would need all the sleep it could get to recover from what he had done to it.



Nik awoke to the sound of shuffling feet in his room. Someone was moving around rhythmically, almost as if dancing to a silent song. As he scrubbed the sleep away from his eyes, he noticed that though the sun was shining into the room, the whole room seemed pale, as if the gray clouds that the sun was hiding behind were thicker and more degrading to the sun’s rays than usual. The meditation on color was interrupted by a voice.

“Mr. Presiel?” the voice said, almost singing. “How are you feeling this morning?”

Nik was amazed that the woman had pronounced his name correctly. Not only that, she had pronounced it the way that Nik’s great-grandfather had, in full Slovakian accent, though her accent was obviously non-European, more likely Middle-Eastern.

“Yes,” he said, with as much of a normal voice as he could muster “I’m uh...I feel pretty good.” And, actually, he did feel strangely okay. Last night—or whenever that was—he felt groggy, sluggish, heavy, and his stomach was tying itself into knots viciously. Today was almost the complete opposite. He didn’t feel great, but he felt *okay*, as if he could get up and go walk around.  

“Well, I am glad to hear it.” The soft voice said. Nik was now focused on the source of the voice. It was a woman; tall and strong-looking. She had light gray hair, pale caramel skin, and a face that seemed to be in a constant state of being in between a smile and a completely neutral state. “I think you have had sufficient rest. If you’re feeling up to it, I’d like to talk about your situation.”

Nik froze. He recalled the doctor, or whoever it was, from the previous encounter. He recalled the question he’d been asked, and the fact that he didn’t know quite how to answer it. His sleep hadn’t gained him any more insight into how to answer the question, and surely, this is what his new visitor was hinting at.

“Um, I guess,” Nik began to dribble “but, um...I don’t know if I can give any good answers to your questions.”

The new visitor smiled and looked Nik in the eyes, almost as if she were somehow collecting data from them, as he sat silently. She put her hand on the hospital comforter that lay on top of his leg and said—keeping her smile intact, “I am not going to ask you about what happened. I believe the past is yours to deal with on your own terms, and with whoever’s help you choose to ask for. What I am here to do is to make sure that you’re ready to go.”

“You mean, go home?” Nik asked, with a tinge of anxiety that he was certain escaped into the air of the room.

Again the visitor maintained the smile—that impossible smile, which as the seconds passed, started to almost irritate Nik. Who was she to smile like that, in a place like this, in a situation like this? For all she knew, Nik wanted to die, and had failed in his attempt, and meant to go right back out and do it again, and the blood would presumably be on her hands. She had to be a doctor right? He scanned her torso and saw a nametag on her impossibly white lab coat. *Azrin* it read. Nik decided to use his newfound acquisition to move the conversation along. But before he could, she broke in.

“Mr. Presiel.” She said softly “Where you go is up to you. I would, however, suggest that you do two things.” She held up two fingers, as if to further drive her point home. “I suggest that you take it easy for the immediate future, and that you be somewhere where you know you can have time to be at peace.”

Nik felt a bit defensive. “I really wasn’t trying to kill myself. I just...I just stopped giving a shit for an hour or two.”

Again, the smile. Dr. Azrin waited for Nik to finish his sentence and the calmly said. “I know. I don’t think you were trying to end your life, but to be perfectly honest with you, that doesn’t really matter now.” As she finished, she kind of raised her eyebrows as she peere into Nik’s eyes. It was strangely comforting.

“I guess.” Nik answered somewhat sheepishly, looking down at his covers. “I mean, in the end, I did something dangerous, and I guess, whatever my thoughts were, I need a break.”

“Mmm.” Dr. Azrin barely let slip as she nodded knowingly. “You can leave whenever you like, I’ve given my authorization. However, I’d like to see you again. I’d like to begin a dialogue, if that is okay with you.”

Nik swallowed hard, just the thought of wading through the muck of his emotions over the past few years almost making him naseous. He looked up, as the lump traveled down his esophagus.

“Okay.” He said in a subdued, but sharp offering. “I think I can do that.”

Dr. Azrin smiled, but this smile was a bit different that the previous monotone display.
“Great.” She said curtly “My card is in the bag with your things.” She pointed at a clear vinyl bag on the hospital end table. It held Nik’s jeans, his now off-white undershirt, his thin navy blue sweater, and presumably his wallet, watch, and other personal effects.

With that, she left, stopping only to glance over at the clock, and write something down in a small book that she had been carrying in her hand. Nik decided not to waste any time, and slowly peeled the covers off of his legs. He noticed that he was not hooked up to IVs, and there were no monitors keeping track of his vitals. He guessed that the doctor was right, in that he was free to go. He removed his clothes from the bag, and laid them on the hospital bed. He made a quick project of removing the hosptial gown and speedily throwing on his boxers, jeans, shirt, sweater, socks, and shoes. With the placement of his wallet and watch, he stepped out the door, and made his way down the hall.
He stopped at the nurses’ station, and waited until a young woman turned around. She was striking, and caused Nik to feel as if was about to stagger back and fall over, but he quickly ensured that his feet were both planted firmly on the ground, and began to open his mouth.

“Can I help you?” The woman asked pleasantly.

“Uh, yeah,” nick stuttered, “I um, Is there anything I need to pay, or sign—like insurance stuff, or anything?”

The woman looked down, then quickly looked up. “Nope. Everything has been squared away. You’re good to go.” She shuffled a few pieces of paper out of Nik’s view, and under the desk. “You’ll receive any paperwork at the address in…” she paused as she found the address on a piece of paper “...Caribou.”

“Caribou?” Nik half asked, half assured himself.

“Yes, I have an address in Caribou, Minnesota.” The woman confirmed, and looked up at Nik.

Nik wondered for a second why he would’ve given that address, but as he did, it made perfect sense. His uncle’s old farm was the best place for him to go now, and though he may not have thought of it at any other time, whatever state he was in when he gave that address...well perhaps this was some sort of sign.

“Yeah, that’s right.” Nik replied, with a fresh, manufactured confidence.

The woman smiled at him, and began to turn her body back to the conversation she had left with the other nurses. As she did, she let out a soft farewell, seemingly trying as best she could to straddle the line between sincere well-wishing and invasive presumptuousness.

“Best wishes, Mr. Presiel.” She said. 




**Chapter 3**






Nik continued to stare ahead, as if breaking his gaze on the road would break his connection with what he was trying to put into words. “That’s the problem. I can’t really put it into words. It’s like…” he stumbled a bit, “...it’s just a kind of feeling about connection, about identity…”

“Don’t try to put it into words. I once heard that words are to truth what a glass jar is to a butterfly—constraining, and in the end, fatal.”

For the first time, Nik looked over at Harris. Harris’s eyes were back on the road.

“"Reality is a funny thing, Nik. Nothing is *just* what it is. Everything is something else.” Harris said in a strangely unwavering voice, beginning to look over at Nik. “There is more depth than we often give reality credit for."

Nik looked away as Harris’s eyes almost met his, hoping that Harris didn’t notice his dodging evasive maneuver. As he looked down at something—the floormat, his shoes, something on the floor, he said quietly. “Hm,” kind of laughing internally, but only audibly offering up that word. As he looked up, he saw the bend in the road that signified the turn onto the unnamed road of Andrik’s farm.
“This is it, here, turn onto this road,” Nik said quickly, pointing at the aforementioned weeping willow tree.

“Mm, so it is,” Harris said softly, as if he was fully anticipating the turn.

The car turned, and the familiar crunch of gravel hit Nik’s ears, bringing back memories of the mid-summers of his youth. The whole road was gravel around the area, but for whatever reason, there was something about that turn, combined with the gravel on that section of road that sounded different. This time, it was strangely both comforting and colored with a slight dread of uncertainty. What had Nik resolved himself into here? Here he was, far from anywhere, recovering from what must have been a dress rehearsal of dying, and he had no idea what he was going to do. 
The car pulled up to the main house, which looked pretty much exactly as it did the last time Nik visited—some amount of years ago that he couldn’t quite recall. Harris, sensing that this was the destination, slowly pressed on the brakes, and the car slowed to a stop, leaving a cloud of gravel behind them. 
“I’m assuming this is where I leave you,” Harris said, shifting the car into park.

“Uh, yeah,” Nick replied, almost as if caught off guard. “Yeah, this is me.” 

## Chapter 2



The farmhouse at Uncle Andrik’s place was tired and old. It blended in nicely with all of the other farmhouses that whizzed by Nik’s window on his train ride through the Minnesota plains. Nik hadn’t taken the train anywhere for a long time, and on this ride, he begun to wonder why—as it seemed strangely comforting. Perhaps it was the rhythmic sound of the wheels on the tracks, as they skipped over the ties—*ca chunk - ca chunk - ca…*
 The train was an old one, and moved and swayed in a way that revealed its long life. *These seats have probably seen a lot of asses*, Nik thought to himself, almost smirking at his little internal jest. This was a long ride, on the Far North Transit line, running along Route 59—through Fergus Falls, Detroit Lakes, Thief River Falls, Karlstad, Halma, and terminating in Lancaster, where all sleeping bodies would be awoken and shooed off to wherever it was that they were going. From Lancaster, it was quite a haul—25 miles or so down County Road 4, to be exact. Though this was not the kind of thing that Nik would usually welcome, he had coached himself into thinking that this would be good for him. He’d red all kinds of stuff about mindfulness, about walks, and their spiritual benefits. It seemed only logical that walking 25 miles to a secluded farm on the northern border of the country would provide ample opportunity to reconnect with himself, and with the world. After all, it was May, the weather was great—in the 70s, though cloudy and gray—but it was not the sort of thing that would kill him. He imagined himself making his way to the farm, pumping fresh cold water from the well, and collapsing into a haystack, with a sense of accomplishment that had become so foreign to him over the past few years. Whatever feeling this was, it smelled almost like optimism. This could be, no, *would* be a new beginning. I *had *to be. 
If ever there was a place to really begin anew, to really sweep all of the clutter off of the table, Nik thought to himself, Uncle Andrik’s farm would be it. It was quite literally in the middle of nowhere, a mere two hundred or so feet from the US/Canada border in unincorporated Caribou, MN. Andrik Presiel was Nik’s great-grandfather’s younger brother. He, along with Nik’s great-grandfather, Bogdan, and their parents (Nik’s great-great grandparents), had emigrated from somewhere in what was still part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire just prior to World War I. As the story goes, the Presiels arrived at Ellis Island in New York, and managed gain passage on a series of boxcars, eventually making it out to Minnesota, and Caribou in particular. Andrik claimed, and challenges to this claim were rebuffed at many a family gathering, that his father had beaten a Romani man in an impromptu wrestling challenge outside of a tavern back in “the old country”. The Romani man, in an attempt to disprove the stereotype attributed to his people, bestowed upon Andrik’s father a piece of paper, folded many times over. As the family legend went, the folded paper was a map to a piece of land in the very northern point of Minnesota, along with a title to the land there. Andrik contended, until his death 2 years ago, that his father took that as a sign, and packed up the family with a single-minded vision to escaping to America, and to claim the land that he had rightfully won, wrestling a drunken gypsy and pinning him in the mud. The map and title were supposedly lost to the years, and as Uncle Andrik’s attorney attested at the time his estate was settled, the small 50 acre farm was the property of the Presiel family, with no prior owners listed in the state’s records.

Nik was sketchy on many of the details, because he only remembered the mental pictures he carried home from his trips to Andrik’s farm. But there were enough trips in Nik’s childhood that he knew he would begin to recognize the scenery as he neared the hamlet of Caribou, and his uncle’s hideaway. Caribou isn’t a town, as much as it is just an unincorporated area on the far northern end of Minnesota, just East from the state’s border with North Dakota. The official population of the township is 44 people, give or take those who—like Nik—were merely staying a short while.  In a way, Caribou is not so much a place where people live, so much at is it a place that they pass through. They may stop because their vehicle breaks down, or because they wish to hang around and see the plains below them from the higher points, where the elevation breaks 1,000 ft above sea level. But only a select few, just over 40 people if you believe the census, really call that land in Caribou “home”. Everyone else is usually on their way to one of two places. Such was the fate of this small little township.


The train continued to lumber along the impossibly old tracks, as the flat land of the Minnesota plains continued its monotonous window show to the few passengers on the train. The show was broken only by trees, here and there, as if to remind those watching that they weren’t going over the same land over and over. Nik thumbed the handle of his suitcase as he almost fell into a trance from the show put on by the plains out the window. 
Normally, Nik would have kept his mind distracted by looking at his phone, reading a book, or listening to music, something other than sitting with his thoughts. But he had made it his mission, for at least the period from this May to the end of August—when he’d be expected to report back to school—to live an almost *Walden*-like existence in Caribou, bringing few worldly possessions and living simply. He left his phone, his watch, headphones, books and magazines, everything, back at his apartment on campus. His rent had been paid up through the end of the lease in August, and he could pick up his possessions when he came back through town—whenever that would be. He brought with him only a small, old wood and burlap suitcase, one which he had found in his parents’ attic years ago. He packed two pairs of pants, three shirts (two t-shirts, and one button-down long-sleeve shirt), three pairs of underwear, three pairs of socks, and one pair of shoes. After stuffing that down, he had room for one book, which is all he would want to allow himself, given his newly adopted mission. He scanned his densely packed bookshelf for something that would fit his state of mind. His eyes stopped at one book in particular, whose spine read *Bardo Thodol*.
As he reached for the book, he recalled how he had come to acquire it, on a whim, really. It was the end of the fall semester, just this past December. Nik had made his way across campus, through the biting wind and accompanying snow flurry, to turn in the final paper of the Fall semester, sliding it under his professor’s office door at the last possible minute. The office was all the way up on the 9th floor of a 10 floor building that towered over the other small two and three story academic buildings around it. It was like a warehouse for the non-STEM academics. They were piled on top of one another in this miniature high-rise, in order of decreasing relevance—Philosophy and Religious Studies being on the ninth floor; the tenth and highest floor was storage. Nik had stayed up the entire night, trying to compose something resembling an essay about Plato’s theory of the Forms, and rushed off to print a copy and discreetly slide it under Prof. Desjardin’s door, as if cautiously offering up a sacrifice to a hungry and ornery beast. As he turned away from his instructor’s office, and made his way back to the elevator, he saw a bookshelf in the hallway, between two offices. Above it hung a piece of printer paper, with some meeting minutes or other unimportant content on the back of it. It had been made into a sign, complete with an arrow pointing down the bookshelf, which now held one single book. It read ‘Free, Take One!’ Nik figured he would do his part and finish off the process of emptying this retired bookshelf. The sole tome occupying the top shelf was the aforementioned *Bardo Thodol*, which Nik quickly put into his messenger bag, without so much as glancing at what the contents of the book were. It wasn’t until a few days later, in a buzzed and playful mood with a few bottles of beer at his feet, that he flipped through the book and realized what it was. He had heard of it before, and if he remembered correctly, his high school had put on a stage version of the book, which he had—of course—skipped. It seemed to him like the kind thing that one ought to read if they wished to become worldly, so it found itself counted among the few possessions that Nik chose to accompany him on this retreat.

With those few items stuffed into his old suitcase—burlap stretched over wood frame—Nik ran his middle finger along the underside of the leather handle, feeling the contrast of the cold brass rivets against the seemingly warm and soft leather. He eyed the cabin, seeing only one woman in the front. She appeared to be sleeping, her head bobbing rhythmically along with the *ca-chunk ca-chunk *of the car’s wheels. The car smelled old, as if each year added its own notes to maroon upholstered seats and royal blue carpet that ran the aisle. It was the transportation equivalent of a cast iron skillet, keeping a bit of the essence, the flavor of each group of passengers as they filed in and filed out, up and down the land of 10,000 lakes. 
Nik raised his head and eyes upward, toward the ceiling. Thick, shiny brass trim outlined an impossibly long rectangular piece of leather that went from one end of the train car to the other. The rivets of the car’s body itself were brass and amazingly unvarnished throughout the sides and top of the car. The brass must have been too slick for the years to stick to, Nik joked to himself. As his eyes dropped from the car’s ceiling down to the door on the end of the car facing him, his eyes met a passenger entering the car. The stranger was fairly nicely dressed. He sported a dark charcoal gray suit, which appeared to have the slightest windowpane check on it, in a slightly lighter gray color. His shirt was white, and collar opened, with no tie to be found. His hair was short and very dark, but somewhat messy, in a very casual and comfortable way. He had a very casual air about him, as if he would be comfortable pretty much anywhere.
 Nik, a bit surprised, averted his eyes away from the stranger and moved them out the window, as if they had only accidentally come to rest upon the new passenger on their way to look once again at the monotone plains rushing by. Any tactics to try to fool the stranger were in vain, as he—in what had to be a purposeful breaking of every law of mass transportation ettiquite—took a seat in the row across the aisle from Nik. It coul have been worse; he could have sat right next to Nik, and perhaps he would have, Nik thought to himself, had Nik not been sitting as close to the aisle as he was. 
The stranger was loud as he sat down, at least compared to the quiet to which Nik had become accustomed. He had only two things with him that Nik could see: a jet black briefcase, where even the clasps and combination dials were black—albeit shiny black, and a charcoal gray trenchcoat, or some sort of coat, folded over the arm carrying the case. He (loudly, of course) placed the coat beside him on the seat, moving even closer the aisle, and thus closer to Nik. He placed the briefcase on his knees, and placed his hands (again way more loudly than seemed necessary) on top of the case. As the stranger began to look up, Nik covertly turned his gaze back out the window, to the reruns of the great plains rushing by; he hadn’t missed anything since he last checked in. By then, he could tell that the stranger was looking at him. This brought on a tremendous urge to look back, which was perfectly counterbalanced by the burning desire not to engage this stranger, as his eyes were no doubt transfixed on Nik with exactly that intention. He could just feel it.

“Not a lot to see out there.” The stranger butted in, cordially.

Nik turned back toward the stranger, as if he hadn’t even noticed him before he spoke. He turned on his best Midwestern courteous smile and said, trying to act in kind, “No, but it’s strangely comforting.”

“I know what you mean. I have ridden this train more times than I can count, and I still end up looking out the window.” He began laughing as he reported “I swear, no matter what I bring along to read, write, or even if I’m intent on just trying to sleep, I end up looking out the window. I guess it’s kind of like, the more you try to avoid something, the more difficult it is to escape.” His face turned a bit as he finished, as if he’d just taken his first sip of the morning coffee and it was cold. “I’m sorry, I’ve totally jumped into a soliloquy on absolutely nothing, and I didn’t even consider whether you were just looking to be with your thoughts. Think nothing of it, I’ve got work to do, and I ought to just get right to it.” He turned back to his briefcase, and began turning the combination dials to open it.
It was at that moment that Nik realized that the train had slowed rapidly since he spotted the stranger. It was now crawling along, at a speed no faster than a medium jog. Nik’s initial disposition toward solitude lifted a bit, as he felt a little bad that he must’ve made the stranger feel unwelcome. “No, no, I um...I didn’t mean to seem like I was trying to brush you off. It’s just uh, I’ve kind of zoned out.”

“Haha,” the stranger laughed knowingly, “I’ve been there, friend. I guess I was just trying to avoid my work, and I figured the only other person I’ve seen on the train in a while might be a present a good opportunity to distract myself.”

Nik furrowed his eyebrows a bit, as he asked “Oh, so you didn’t just get on the train?”

The stranger smiled comfortingly. “No, no, I’ve been on for a while, since back in...well you know what, we’ve gotten awfully far in this conversation without knowing each other’s names. I’m kind of weird, in that I like to use people’s names when I speak to them. It’s something I’ve picked up in my job over the years, and it really helps. So...”
He held out his hand and as he spoke his name, the air brakes of the train hissed just loud enough that the stranger’s voice was slightly contested by the sound. Nik was quite sure that the stranger’s name was Harris.

“Good to meet you, Harris,” Nick said, again with his courteous smile. “I’m Nik.”

“A pleasure to meet you, Nik,” Harris replied, putting his left hand over Nik’s right hand as they shook. “Nik, I hope I don’t offend you when I guess that you’re a student,” Harris said with a slight grin.

Nik shifted a bit uncomfortably  in his seat, adjusting his posture so as to appear a bit less like a student. “Yeah, is it that apparent?” he asked half-laughing.

Harris chuckled playfully and put out his hand, as if to manually assuage any possible self-consciousness. “Don’t take it the wrong way, I just know that look—the look of a young student, whose entire being has been sapped by a taxing semester.” He folded his hands on top of his case, as if this conversation was the only thing he had to do today. “Are you on your way home, then?”

“Not quite,” Nik replied looking down at his shoes. “I’m kind of in between homes, if you know what I mean.” And in a way, he was. Nik’s parents were trying to sell their home, which was the house that Nik lived in from the time he was 3 until he headed out the University. For the first few months of his freshman year, he traveled back home nearly every other weekend. He would spend Friday and Saturday with his friends that were still in high school, and the few other friends who were back home from other schools. He would crash each night back in his childhood bedroom, and by Sunday he would become saturated with a feeling of immense sentimentality. It happened nearly every Sunday afternoon. He would happen across some tchotchke in some hidden corner of his room, and find himself pulled down a rabbit hole of memories, the aftermath of which was always a painful reluctance to drive back to school. His departure from home on Sunday went from the afternoons, to the evenings, to late enough at night that his parents would ask him whether he was leaving at all. He spent that winter break at home, and began to realize that as much jubilation as he experienced at home each weekend, that place could not continue to be his *home* so long as he was looking to build his own life. Acquaintances in his dorm and classes were staying back at school each weekend, going to parties, hanging out, and putting together the building blocks of memories. Nik felt himself moving further away from those on his floor, his roommate, and others in his classes—and it began to ferment into a loneliness, one that continued to grow on through the night that landed him in the hospital. 
From time to time, his roommate or those in the dorms would ask why he went home nearly every weekend, and he would always make up an excuse. He blamed his parents, relatives that didn’t exist, friends that were supposedly in for just a short time, and others. But at bottom, the reason was simple: Nik really was between homes, and was struggling with it. He was sure that he had to build his own life, away from his parents and friends, on his own, with new college friends and socialization that did not depend on inside jokes and a shared history spanning back to grade school. He was certain that he had to form a social network to help him go somewhere—*do *something, once the University handed him his degree and hurried him off to the real world. But at the same time, his heart ached at the thought of leaving that well-worn comfort of home. So he began forcing himself to stay on campus each weekend, and returned home only a few times during the Spring semester. He eventually fell in with three acquaintances, with which he split rent on a four bedroom apartment just across from the heart of campus. Jeff, Derek, and Javaad were easy enough to get along with, but Nik found himself wandering off alone quite a bit. He just never felt that *click* wherein one latches on, and connects the cars of friendship, as it were. After the first semester of his sophomore year passed in that apartment, it became clear to Nik that no, this new ‘home’ was not, after all, home to him. All of this seemed to receive a bold punctuation mark as the stranger asked him about home. Perhaps he was heading home. After all, this place would be just as much a home as any other place.

Harris looked at Nik with what could only be interpreted as a truly sympathetic look, as if he himself had once been a modern, middle-American nomad. “I know what you mean. You’re what...20?” he asked, squinting, as if that would help him better use whatever faculty was in charge of guessing the age of strangers.

“Yeah, I’m 20,” Nik replied in a tone much like how one would admit to being guilty of the crime in question at an indictment. 

“20 can be an interesting age,” Harris said, attempting to summon a comforting grin. “You have enough years behind you to think you might know what you’re doing—where you’re going, but ultimately, you don’t have nearly enough to go on yet.”

Nik thought about that for a second. It was a strangely reassuring proclamation. He did find himself often feeling like he *should* know what he was going to be, and where he was going—both literally and figuratively. Perhaps that assumption was neither well-supported nor at all helpful. Still, for whatever reason, Nik had always held himself to a higher standard, existentially speaking. He felt himself to be on track for something, doing each mundane little action, making numerous mistakes, and suffering fits of despair, but all in service of some abstract and distant profundity. He had this reassurance that he would live profoundly—not now, but *one day*. He had the requisite reservoir of passion, he merely needed a place to unleash it, and so far, he hadn’t found it.

“If you’re offended by this, please do let me know,” Harris continued. “But if you don’t mind, where are you headed?”

“Caribou,” Nik offered, not entirely sure if he should have, as the word escaped the border of his lips. And yet, there was something about this stranger that telegraphed the opposite of a threat, as if this man was hell-bent on doing good.

Harris chuckled sharply, but stopped himself by placing his hand over his mouth, as if keeping in a loud belch. “I’m sorry, I really don’t mean to laugh. I just knew you were going to say that, that’s all.”

“Am I wearing it that prominently?” Nik inquired, flirting ever so lightly with a fed-up tone, still not strongly enough that his normal over-courteousness couldn’t tame it.

“Yes, kind of,” Harris said along with another escaping chuckle. “You have that look of a young man who wants to push the envelope of enlightenment to *just* the edge, but probably no further.” As he finished his sentence, he took out what appeared to be a coin purse. “But don’t sell yourself short. You have come a lot farther than you think. I can see it in your eyes. Just because you have not physically crossed the globe, that does not mean that you haven’t *been* places—it doesn’t mean you haven’t earned your anguish.”

Nik fidgeted a little as Harris adopted his unsolicited sermon-like tone, but Harris either did not pick up on it, or felt that it did not deserve acknowledgment. 

Harris, holding his newly revealed accessory, leaned closer to Nik, breaking the imaginary barrier provided by the aisle. “Nik, I have met a lot of people in my time here, and I don’t think I’ve ever met any person that felt as if they had gotten it all right, that they sucked all of the proverbial milkshake out of the bottom of life’s cup. You will always leave something at the bottom of the cup. You will always be missing some opportunity, you will always be leaving something on *some *table. No amount of soul-searching, calculation, or prayer will prevent that from happening.”

Nik had never really encountered someone unloading with this kind of sincerity that was sober and had not just finished reading Kierkegaard for the first time. “You may have a point there,” he finally settled on saying, politely.

Harris smiled and retreated a bit, sensing Nik’s discomfort. “I don’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable, Nik. I just...well, I guess I often feel like I’m not where I *should* be, and whenever I see people with it lingering around them, I feel the need to convince them and me. Look, when it comes down to it, you can relocate all you want, but your life follows you, and you have to make sure that with a companion like that, you’re on good terms with each other.” 
He opened his coin purse and began fingering through it, clearly looking for something. As it became clear that he wasn’t finding what he was searching for, he closed the purse and put it back in his pocket. He looked up at Nik, with a look on his face that seemed to say he wanted to shift back to more standard, everyday tone. “I’m going to skedaddle here, but before I do, do you happen to have a dollar?”

Nik took pains not to telegraph his surprise that this man who had basically bursted into an otherwise quiet train car and tossed a dense soliloquy at him was now hitting him up for money. He quickly put his hand in his right pocket and took out his wallet, he then dug down to the bottom of his pocket. He knew it was a fool’s errand. He never carried cash on him, and did this dance merely as a formality, to show this stranger that he meant well. However, strangely enough, at the bottom of his deep jeans pocket, his middle finger bumped up against what felt like a coin. Conveying the usual strain that one does when they attempt the dexterity of grasping an object in their pant pocket while seated, he grabbed the coin and pulled it out. It took all that he could muster to keep himself from uttering *no way*, but he was absolutely thinking it. Right in his right hand, staring him in the face, was a one-dollar coin. Nik could not remember the last time he even *saw* one of these, let alone possessed one. He couldn’t imagine how it would have found its way into his jeans pocket. He looked at it one last time and offered it up to Harris. “Uh, here you go,” he said somewhat excitedly, enthused to have been able to help, despite the stranger’s quasi-intrusion.

Harris smiled a warm smile as he took the coin from Nik. “Thank you,” he said in a very sincere and almost sacramental tone, as if receiving a mere dollar coin from a new acquaintance on a train were something more than just a small social happenstance. “I’m glad you found that. Now, I hate to rush off, because of how that must seem, but I *promise* you that I’m not a con-man, and I will make sure you’re repaid.”
With that, he got up, grabbed his accessories, and walked down the aisle toward the front of the train. As he did, the train’s hydraulic hiss pierced the quiet that had settled in the car, and the train began slowly moving. Nik, perhaps exhausted from the past few days, perhaps relieved that this somewhat awkward interaction was over, laid his head against the back of his seat, and drifted off to sleep.

## Chapter 3


The sound of the train’s brakes woke Nik up abruptly. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been sleeping, but given that the train was stopped at a station, and the sign read ‘Lancaster’. This was his stop, and the last one before the train turned around, and headed back down south. That meant that Nik had been sleeping for about an hour and a half. He quickly got up out of his seat and grabbed his suitcase from the floor under the seat in front of him. He looked out the window. There wasn’t anyone else getting off at the station, and the station itself appeared to be closed already. And at once, Nik remembered what he had missed about rural life; you could have a train station that closed at 5pm, and no one would think twice about it. That was just how things were up here.
As he shuffled through the aisle toward the door, he began to feel the dread roll over him. Though a 25 mile walk had sounded good to him when, full of free coffee by way of having purchased 10 cups prior and getting his card punched, he vowed to himself that he wouldn’t take a taxi from the train station to the farm, in the light of the exhausting train ride, the prospect of walking around 7 hours did not quite appeal to him. With that heavy realization coming to rest on his shoulders, he slouched them as he stepped off the train. The air was warm and humid, much more than he expected for early May in far north Minnesota. The Lancaster station was truly a relic of a bygone era. 
Of all the years that Nik had been up to Caribou, he had never come through this way. He alway came by way of his parents’ Ford Explorer, the one that they kept for nearly his entire childhood, until he was old enough to drive it, at which time the front end promptly separated from the rest of vehicle as he drove to his first date. That was that for the Explorer. He never even got to make out in its fairly roomy, make-out friendly back seat. But such is life; short bursts of pleasure, tainted with the bitter failings of all the things constantly in the process of falling apart. And speaking of falling apart, that seems to be what exactly one half of the Lancaster train station was doing. The station was a brick station, with an oversized roof that almost seemed to reach over the tracks, to give patrons cover from the elements as they awaited their ride. It was all brick, a faded red color, with a khaki colored mortar between the bricks. The main entrance was impressive; a semi-circle with two large, heavy-looking wooden doors obviously made from ancient trees. Large bright brass hinges were attached to the doors at the top and bottom of each, with large nails pounded in them. The roof was, curiously enough, made of wooden shingles, which on the southern side were gray and old, but clearly in impeccable structural condition. But on the northern half, the shingles were faded, cracked, had moss on them, and generally looked as if they had little life left in them. This started at almost exactly above where the two doors met in the main entrance, directly in the center of the small station, making it look like two stations—one old and dying, the other new and full of life—had been joined together seamlessly as one structure. This was all punctuated by a tall spire that rose from the center of the roof, like a projectile that had been tossed up through the building from below. It consisted of three arches on each of the four sides, formed by two small pillars and the two corner pillars, made of what looked like stone. The tall, sloped roof of the spire was an unmistakable oxidized copper green, but looked regal, pointing upward toward the hidden sun. Somehow, time and the elements had conspired to perfectly coordinate the severe aging of the northern half of the station, and perfectly preserve the southern half.
As Nik shuffled further on to the platform, he looked at his wrist, where a watch would normally have been. He suddenly remembered that he had not bothered to take his watch with him. Something about not needing to be subservient to time, he recalled. He sighed as County Road 4 came into view. It’s not like knowing what time it was would really help him out anyway. The walk would be roughly 7 hours, less if he channelled his inner mall-dwelling senior-citizen and speed-walked to the farm.
But before he could even make his way off of the platform to the road, Nik heard a voice from the other side of the platform.

“Nik!” someone yelled.

As Nik looked back, he could see that it was Harris. He didn’t have his coat or his briefcase with him. He was just holding what appeared to be a map, and waving it as he looked on to make sure that Nik had heard him. When he saw that Nik did see and hear him, he began an incredibly fast, but composed walk toward him. Within seconds he was in front of Nik.

“I’m glad I caught you,” Harris said, amazingly not at all out of breath from his brisk jog across the platform. “As I got of the train, I felt that I couldn’t in good conscience let you walk all the way to Caribou; not in this hot sun, and down the dusty road.”

“It’s not an issue, really,” Nik insisted, or rather, half-insisted, as the prospect of not having to walk for what was basically a full workday no longer seemed in any way desirable.

“Aw, c’mon. You’re really going to try to stand there—already sweating—and tell me that you’re okay to spend the next God-knows-how-many hours walking down some country road?!” Harris turned and pointed at a sleek, black vehicle parked on the north side of the station, “you’d be doing me a favor letting me give you a ride.”

Nik was still for a second—both mentally and physically. At this point, he *really* didn’t want to walk; it was just a stupid idea to begin with, and another example of his past self putting his future self in a terrible condition for some supposed and not well thought out character building. He replayed the conversation he had with Harris on the train, and while disconcerting, to be sure, no warning bells went off. Harris was the ultimate extrovert, but didn’t at all seem harmful. “Okay,” Nik conceded. “If you have room, I’ll take a ride.”

“Excellent!” Harris exclaimed, clapping his hands together firmly, but quitely as if the roulette ball had just landed on his number, but he did not want to attract the attention of the pit boss. “I’ll take your suitcase, if that’s okay.”

“Uh, yeah, sure,” Nik responded.

With that, Harris swept up Nik’s suitcase and began a brisk walk toward his car. Nik had to speed up a bit to keep pace with him, especially since Harris was about 5 inches or so taller than him. 

As Nik caught up with him, he (nearly panting) asked, “Is this all because I gave you that dollar?” Nik asked half-jokingly.

Harris laughed, “Well, sure! Consider it services rendered!”

As they arrived at Harris’s car, it beeped and flashed its headlights to indicate that it was unlocking. It was an impressive vehicle, a sleek black Land Rover, with matte silver rims that featured impossibly thin spokes. It sat fairly high off the ground, and the trim was all matte black, in contrast with the glossy black of the rest of the body. Harris opened the back gate and placed Nik’s suitcase inside. As he closed it, he motioned for Nik to climb into the passenger’s side, and reassured him, “You don’t have to wait for me to get in. Go ahead.”

So, Nik climbed in. The inside of the vehicle looked even sleeker than the outside. The leather was black with dark mahogany trim. The same leather bound the dashboard, glovebox, and center console. The windshield was expansive, and gave a view like what Nik recalled the *USS Enterprise* having in *Star Trek: The Next Generation*, which his grandmother had for some reason watched religiously when he was young. Though the vehicle looked sleek and modern in every way, there was one surprising feature that wasn’t modern; there were no digital displays to be found. The spedometer, odometor, radio, climate controls, and everything else was analog—knobs, dials, and meters all the way around. 

“So, while I have offered you a ride, and I will certainly be driving,” Harris said as if he were striking a deal, “I *will* need you to navigate. I have been to Caribou exactly once, but I couldn’t tell you how the hell to get there from here.”

Nik, still adjusting from the shock of serendipity, as well as that sick feeling he often got from the good nature and generosity of strangers, forced a reply, “Uh, it’s basically just following County Road 4, for a while, and then there’s a tree I have to look for…,” Nik paused looking down at an imaginary map resting somewhere between his knees and his shoes. He broke back into his incomplete sentence, “...a big weeping willow tree—one with a limb that looks like it was tied in a knot.”

“Well,” Harris said, smiling and looking at Nik satisfied, “it’s good enough to know where you’re going, even better to know how to get there.”

Nik forced an awkward laugh, and some sort of half-audible agreement. With that, Harris turned the key in the ignition, and the engine roared to life. Harris shifted the gear into drive, and zoomed out of the gravel parking lot, leaving a cloud of dust behind them. Harris turned the air conditioning up to full blast, which was refreshing at first. However, after about 10 minutes of driving, Nik began to feel like he was outside on a gray winter day without a jacket. He didn’t dare say anything to Harris; he just didn’t feel comfortable enough. This was classic Nik. Get into a situation where someone is helping, stumble awkwardly through conversation, suffer through whatever idiosyncratic behavior rears its ugly head without so much as voicing a differing preference. To risk offending someone else in person—even to assert his own discomfort, to validate his feelings—was just too much for Nik to bear. He viewed it as the gentlemanliness of a bygone era, which he alone was carrying on. If you were to ask his last girlfriend, she would say she considered it utterly unbearable.
As the two men traveled up the road, the sound of the air caressing the cabin of the vehicle began to lull Nik to sleep. He never did well staying awake in cars, and as a matter of fact, had a similar problem even on the driver’s side of vehicles. His freshman year, after only a handful of times driving from home to school, he managed to nod off on the interstate just long enough that his car veered out of th left lane and into the shallow grassy ditch that separated the eastbound from the westbound lanes. He quickly regained consciousness, turned the wheel, applied the brakes, and ended up swerving onto the westbound lanes, facing oncoming cars travelling at 65, 75, 85 miles per hour. With headlights bearing down on him, and the three passengers he had volunteered to take home with him yelling loudly, he somehow—perhaps by the hand of fate that he refused to espouse a belief in—careened back onto the eastbound lane’s left-most shoulder. He shifted the car slowly into park, and turned around with a look of sheer terror, mixed with unbridled amazement, looking more *through* his passengers than *at *them. They replied with various curses, exclamations, and fits of begging for explanation. Nik himself, merely unbuckled his seatbelt, opened his door, and walked out to survey the damage. There was none. He had taken out one of the ubiquitous reflector posts that decorated the side of the road, but somehow his vehicle had only gathered dirt and grass inside the rim of the front driver’s side wheel. No scuffs, no scratches, no dents; nothing.
Nik remembered the reaction that his girlfriend at the time had—the same one who would tell you about how annoying his silence in the face of discomfort was—as she rose from the passenger’s side, and met him in front of the vehicle.
“What the fuck?!” she screamed, as she rained down blows upon his shoulders and chest, Nik putting his arms up in a lame defense. “I fucking *asked* you if you were too tired to drive!” The voice was surely piercing the thin veil of the car’s windshield. He felt his friends staring, judging his relationship to be frail and poor, which to Nik meant that *he* was frail and poor. Nik didn’t reply to her, but let her finish and got back into the car, started it, and with everyone voicing their disbelief, he got back on to the highway and drove home.

This memory flashed back at Nik as he drifted, and woke, and drifted and woke. His numbing cycle was broken when Harris broke in, loudly, so as to beat out the competing engine and air hitting the windshield.

“So, Nik, I know the semester’s over, but what what do you do when it’s not?” Harris asked, briefly taking his otherwise determined, focus eyes off of the road.

Nik thought for a second, taking the question more broadly than Harris had meant it. His mind flashed back to a semester of skipped classes, sleepless nights, late mornings, and drunken wanderings around the outskirts of campus. He must have been in and out of 25 parties throughout the semester, but he wagered that no one at a single one would recognize him as having been there. Anyone who had met him throughout the semester would have noted his distant eyes, looking through any acquaintance to some distant object on the horizon, some object that either brought dread or salvation—it wasn’t quite clear which. Snapping out of his brief flashback, he stuttered and answer, “um, Religious Studies.” He had adopted this major after taking a class from the chair of the department, Dr. Wolstencraft. Her enthusiasm for each and every major religion, as the class surveyed them from a high altitude, was not like anything he’d seen before. She practically pirouetted from one end of the large lecture hall to the other, stopping only to make marks on the whiteboard. It took exactly two sessions of the course for Nik to become infatuated with her. He found himself simultaneously learning about Jain devotees’ reluctance to walk, lest they step on and harm insects, and wondering about what was in Dr. Wolstencraft’s coffee cup. What did she order? A latte? An americano? Maybe just a black coffee? No, she at least had a shot of espresso; she wouldn’t merely order black coffee—at least not in Nik’s limited and specific fantasy.

As Nik had replied, Harris grinned, as if he had won a wager with an invisible passenger in the back seat. “I’ll resist the question you’ve probably already had to answer—*what do you plan to do with that?*—and ask you a more respectful one. Have you uncovered the truth yet?”

For the first time in perhaps 4 days—maybe longer—Nik cracked a smile, ever so slightly. A question like this, though tongue-in-cheek, was rare. There was something about Harris’s tone that Nik picked up on immediately. It was the question of a genuinely interested party, one who understood. It was thinly veiled with fake sarcasm—a kind of flimsy defense against the well-known disdain that Nik saw for genuine wonder in the rest of the world. At that moment, despite the barrage of cold air blasting from the dashboard, Nik felt a little warmth.
“Yeah, I think...at least part of it,” Nik answered slowly, and staring straight ahead, as if he was grappling with the words hopping off of the cliff of his lips like enthusiastic lemmings.

Again, Harris grinned; this time a little wider than last. “Oh yeah?” he asked as if winding up to toss a perfectly-placed slow pitch toward Nik’s waiting bat, “What did you find?” He turned to Nik, as a camera would turn to a perspiring Richard Nixon, after he was posed an interesting question during a televised debate.

Nik continued to stare ahead, as if breaking his gaze on the road would break his connection with what he was thinking about. “That’s the problem. I can’t really put it into words. It’s like…” he stumbled a bit, “...it’s just a kind of feeling about connection, about identity, about how it may seem like there are separations, divisions, and opposition,” and his stumbling clip-clopped into a slightly less sloppy run, “but those things are just one level of reality. And we can’t really know reality like that—at that high level—because then we’d lose our part in it, we’d become…like…”

“Gods?” Harris chimed in, looking over with the faintest hint of a smile slinking its way onto his face. After a slight delay, he  said warmly, “Don’t try to put it into words. I once heard that words are to truth what a glass jar is to a butterfly—constraining, and in the end, fatal.”

For the first time, Nik looked over at Harris. Harris’s eyes were already back on the road.

“Reality is a funny thing, Nik. Nothing is just what it is. Everything is something else.” Harris said in a strangely unwavering voice, beginning to look over at Nik. “There is more depth than we often give reality credit for."

Nik looked away as Harris’s eyes almost met his, hoping that Harris didn’t notice his dodging evasive maneuver. As he looked down at something—the floor mat, his shoes, something on the floor, he said quietly. “Hm,” kind of laughing internally, but only audibly offering up that word. 

As he looked up, he saw the bend in the road that signified the turn onto the unnamed road of Andrik’s farm. “This is it, here, turn onto this road,” Nik said quickly, pointing at the aforementioned weeping willow tree.

“Mm, so it is,” Harris said softly, as if he was fully anticipating the turn.

The car turned, and the familiar crunch of gravel hit Nik’s ears, bringing back memories of the mid-summers of his youth. The whole road was gravel around the area, but for whatever reason, there was something about that turn, combined with the gravel on that section of road that sounded different. This time, it was strangely both comforting and colored with a slight dread of uncertainty. What had Nik resolved himself into here? Here he was, far from anywhere, recovering from what must have been a dress rehearsal of dying, and he had no idea what he was going to do. 

The car pulled up to the main house, which looked pretty much exactly as it did the last time Nik visited—some amount of years ago that he couldn’t quite recall. Harris, sensing that this was the destination, slowly pressed on the brakes, and the car slowed to a stop, leaving a cloud of gravel behind them. 
“I’m assuming this is where I leave you,” Harris said, shifting the car into park.

“Uh, yeah,” Nik replied, almost as if caught off guard. “Uh, thanks,” followed clumsily out of his mouth. He grabbed his suitcase, and began his exit from his unexpected chariot. 

But Harris’ hand moved swiftly and—with an ever-so-slight grasp—stopped Nik suddenly. He spoke. “You’re welcome, Sir Nik,” he said, mimicking a solemn and respectful bow with just his head. “May you continue to straddle that line between mere human and god.”

With that, Nik slipped his arm out from under Harris’s grasp, pulled the handle on the door to open it, and stepped out of the vehicle.



The humid outside air hit Nik’s face like a slap. He looked around at the area of the farm. It was as if time had stopped the day he left the place almost ten years ago. The main house was still there, with the cellar door replete with ivy climbing all around it, yet curiously avoiding the door itself. The ivy continued to climb up the pale yellow brick side of the house, thickening between the dining room and kitchen windows. It continued to thicken, and then spread out over the second story windows of the bedrooms. 

The front porch remained in decent condition, clearly worn, but sound. The wooden boards of the floor were painted a very pale yellow—almost off-whited, but tinged with the color of the morning sun’s first peek over the horizon. The railing was white, with simple decor, and separated where a few stairs connected the porch to the dirt path leading from the gravel road to the house. The porch swing, unpainted, and held up by rope that may have seen action during the Civil War, remained—swinging a bit in the slight wind that broke through the hot, humid air. The sound of small wind chime broke through the air. 

Across from the house, on the other side of the gravel road, turned path, was the main barn. It too was in decent condition, its red paint worn in places, but the wood underneath still strong and sturdy. The wood-shingled roof was aged, but had the feel of good craftsmanship to it. Each shingle had its own distinct shape and size, but they somehow formed a pattern together. The sliding barn door was slightly open, allowing sun to peek in and illuminate a bit of the hay that lay on the floor.

Further down the gravel path was the storage shed, and old wooden building which had been gray from age since well before Nik had stepped foot on the farm for the first time. It too had a wood-shingled roof, but it was less remarkable than the barn’s. It’s swinging doors were shut, and there was a spot near the back end facing the road that had been patched up with some plywood.

The path ended at the grain silo, and its attached small barn. There was a broken down tractor in front of the one on the left, a tractor that may very well have grown roots by now. The rust looked as if it was the initial condition of the steel panels at the time it was built. It had that perfect uniform orange color to it, the uniformity that only years and years of rain, snow, sleet, fog, and everything in between could provide. The silo was stout-looking,  seeming shorter than it should be for how wide it was. It was made of large bricks that were textured to look more like stones, but were far too uniform in their squareness to have been mined and arranged in their natural shape. The dome top was bronze in color, and strangely un-oxidizied by the years—the same as it had been a decade ago, and likely decades before that. The attached barn was small, but sturdy-looking. It was a pale blue-gray color, almost like it was a black-and-white photographed version of some other vibrant colors, robbed of their impact by they limitations of the monochromatic film.

The farm as a whole was the very definition of rustic. It looked as if it breathed in dirt and gravel, and breathed out crisp country air. From the second story of the farmhouse, one could see for miles across the plains, right across into Canada, which lay only about 1,000 feet north of the farm. Andrik’s property itself was only about 100 acres, give or take. It ran horizontally up until about 20 yards before the border. Old, tall trees littered the property; willows, sycamores, oaks, pines, firs. On the south side, a daunting row of firs served as a makeshift fence to separate the Presiel farm from its southern neighbors, whose name escaped Nik at the moment.

Over the years, the farmland served as soil mostly for feed—corn, barley, and various grasses. It made him a decent amount of money, and provided a root for the Presiel family in America.  For Nik, as he walked down the gravel path to the house, perhaps it would serve as a place to plant new roots for himself—existential roots. He had, for the last 20 or so years, been a formless, shapeless being. He was white, straight, middle-class, and young. His identity couldn’t come from oppression, from a struggle, from tragedy; it would have to come from something else. He felt as if so many of his peers were beginning to leave their seats next to him, hearing the song that pulled them to dance and sway toward whatever life it was they felt impassioned to lead. Nik, on the other hand, hadn’t heard anything at all. Perhaps here, cut off from all of the noise and the movement of his usual world, Nik could hear whatever it was he was supposed to hear, and follow the sound to where he was supposed to go.



##Chapter 4

The key to the house was exactly where it had been since Nik was a child: under a loose board under the door mat---an extra layer of protection against whatever breakers-and-enterers would be wandering about in the middle of nowhere. He picked the key up, being careful to replace the board and the mat, aligning the latter with the discolored area of the porch where the door mat protected that small section of the boards on the porch from the elements, year in and year out. 

He gazed up at the door. It was a curiously ornate door, darkly stained, solid wood, with a large, square section of leaded glass at the top. The square contained entire sections of colored pieces---reds and blues intermingling with yellows, a well-orchestrated symphony of primary colors playing against complex etchings in the glass. Through it he could see the scrambled light coming through the windows that separated the kitchen from the three-seasons porch.
